# Mitchell Vallis

Mitchell Vallis was a critical part of the Dynamic Brake Light team.  Mitchell's primary contributions include envisioning the idea of a dynamic brake light, coding the LED module's micro controller, designing and assembling the LED module's circuit board, and creating high quality technical documents and presentation materials.  Mitchell also helped with designing a compact housing for the LED module and integrating the LED and display systems

During the development of the Dynamic Brake Light, Mitchell was faced with faulty electrical components, intricate coding challenges, and demanding spatial constraints within the LED module housing.  While successfully solving these problems, Mitchell learned proper soldering techniques and developed code to filter and interpret accelerometer readings with the purpose of dynamically controlling LED arrays.

Mitchell's chief accomplishment was writing the code for the accelerometer circuit.  This code turned raw accelerometer voltage readings into dynamically LED controlled arrays using medium pass filters and PWM gradients.

Mitchell's proactive approach to assisting Jacob Nguyen with designing of the LED module housing involved the disassembly of commercially available bike lights and USB cables.  From these items, Mitchell gathered a central LED array and front and rear housing elements seen on the LED module in addition to flexible USB plugs.  Mitchell's instinct to study and integrate what already works directly led to the improvement of the LED housing.  In less words, in the process of helping Jacob, Mitchell constructed a LED module housing that maintained a low profile while containing a circuit board and three separate LED arrays.  

Mitchell worked with Roman Tagliola to establish wireless communication between the LED and display modules using a two-way ESP-NOW Wi-Fi channel.  This wireless communication transmitted accelerometer readings from the LED module to the display and turn signal inputs from the display to the LED module.  Mitchell was committed to the final assembly of the project, designing the internal layout for the LED module and helping Roman with soldering the display module.