## Roman Tagliola

Roman Tagliola was a critical member of the Dynamic Brake Light team.  Roman's most significant contributions to the project include designing the display module in its entirety, helping the other team members with design subtleties, ensuring timely procurement of electrical components and hardware, and preparing high quality technical documents and presentation materials.  

Roman was responsible for building the display module from the ground up.  Roman demonstrated his command of Onshape's CAD tool in the design of the housing for the display module, as shown in mounting of the display to the upper clamshell, the fitment and spacing of the display inputs and access points, and the mating of the upper and lower clamshells.  Roman worked with Rowan McCune to integrate the Hall-Effect sensor system with the display module using a cutout in the display housing to connect the sensor to the micro controller using a QWIIC cable setup.

In addition to designing the display module housing, Roman developed the program for the display's micro controller.  The display's program features three user inputs in the form of a reset button, debug/normal UI switch, and a normal/sleep switch.  Roman was responsible for researching and implementing wireless communication between the display and LED modules, which uses an ESP-NOW Wi-Fi channel to maintain two-way transmission between the modules.

Roman laid out and built the circuit boards within the display housing, with soldering assistance from Mitchell Vallis.  Wiring the connections between the micro controller and the display's wire-to-flex board was particularly challenging given eight wires needed soldering in close proximity.  The wiring for the turn signals, switches and button added further complexity to the main board layout.  

By acting as a sounding board for the rest of the team, Roman contributed to the design and exicution of the rest of the Dynamic Brake Light.  Roman encouraged the team to implement the project's reach goal, the addition of turn signals, by providing a picture of what finished turn signals would look like and by being proactive in adding turn signal functionality to the display module.  Roman helped Mitchell with the refinement of the accelerometer code with filter research.

In order to ensure timely procurement of electrical components and hardware, Roman made multiple trips to pick up part orders from SparkFun and hardware from McGuckin's Hardware, local stores based on Niwot, CO and Boulder, CO respectively.  